my favorite type of marketing if you had
a guess what do you think my favorite
type of marketing is come on take a
guess maybe seo ppc creating social
content email marketing push
notifications or is it podcasting
believe it or not it's in person events
i found nothing beats seeing and meeting
people directly in person why because
you build a deeper connection you'll
find that deals also happen faster when
you do them in person but there are a
lot of type of in-person events that you
can go to from conferences to meetups
local city events and the list goes on
and on i found that the most effective
in-person events tend to be conferences
that are ideally around your industry
that have your ideal customers and if
you want to get the most out of these
events you need to be a speaker see
speaking puts you in a different light
and if you give amazing talk people come
up to you after and they want to work
with you it's a great source for
generating revenue because when people
come up to you you'll find out that it's
easier to close a deal on top of that
when i go to these in-person events i
like to hold workshops after my speech
for example we were at the collision
conference that i was in in toronto
where i spoke and we had an in-person
workshop and we had people from our team
walking around meeting with clients and
even potential clients i wish we also
had a booth but we weren't able to make
that work also if you speak at events
instead of charging for speaking to some
events pay you can trade that money for
boot space and also advertising perks
which gets your brand out there more and
it produces a much better roi than
charging for speeches now just like any
form of marketing you can't rely on just
one channel such as in-person events you
have to take omni channel approach
what's great is when you partake on
social media blogging podcasting even
seo and all the other channels you'll
find that they help each other out i
learned this from expedia a few years
ago i was up in canada in one of their
offices and i was talking to one of
their team members
and expedia is an old company they've
been publicly traded for ages now
they're a multi-billion dollar
organization and their team shed some
light on a marketing stat that shocked
me when expedia takes the omni channel
approach they find that their customer
acquisition cost for all channels goes
down by roughly 10
because people are continually seeing
their brand or hearing about them what's
funny about this is people already know
expedia is they were founded in 1996
so most people in the travel industry or
who travel already know about them or at
least have heard of one of their brands
like hotels.com but still by taking
omnichannel approach their costs have
went down so even though i love
conferences i don't rely on them as my
sole marketing channel take an omni
channel approach just like xp and help
all your channels do better and if you
need help with your omni channel
marketing check out my ad agency np
digital where we help companies like
yours around the world if you have any
questions leave a comment below i'm here
to help you out if you enjoy the video
like it share it tell people about it
thank you for watching